Davicho Barona: What is going on, guys? Hey, Sean, welcome.
Davicho Barona: And I see Immigrant Studio, which I assume…
Davicho Barona: Is not a note-taker. Xander, how are you, man? Good to see you guys.
Davicho Barona: Nahipa, I got a couple… Couple teammates in here, too.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, I'm just gonna, like, go through and hit allow to talk.
Davicho Barona: That way, you know, feel free to chime in. I hate being the only one.
Davicho Barona: Talking.
Xander Simms: Good to see you, good to see you, thank you.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, you bet, man, you bet.
Davicho Barona: Excellent. So, what we're gonna do real quick is, first,
Davicho Barona: Artur, who should be here shortly, I think he's gonna just do, like, a very quick reminder.
Davicho Barona: Of, like… where Luma Agents really lives.
Davicho Barona: Arturo, if you want to share your screen, and then after, I'm just gonna dive into a little bit of Uni One, since it's sort of…
Davicho Barona: front and center right now, and I just want to share a couple things about it. But first, for anybody who's just joining,
Davicho Barona: Artur, maybe share your screen, and and just remind people, I know.
Artur Monteiro: Not sure if I can share my screen right now. Maybe you'll need to give me some… probably.
Davicho Barona: Oh, do I need to give you some permission? Well, I can…
Artur Monteiro: Yeah.
Artur Monteiro: Or you can just show it, and I can talk about it, because I think this link is more…
Davicho Barona: Promote to panelist. Okay, I think you should be able to do it now.
Davicho Barona: You have the power.
Davicho Barona: Do you have the power?
Davicho Barona: Okay, he'll jump back in in a second.
Artur Monteiro: Hello, hello?
Davicho Barona: Yeah, there you go. Yeah, go ahead, share your screen real quick. Just a quick reminder.
Artur Monteiro: Cool.
Artur Monteiro: Hey everyone, just some quick reminders that how David was saying, because some people are not exactly aware of the latest changes that we have.
Artur Monteiro: So, it's interesting to mix some
Artur Monteiro: some clarifications. For now, are you seeing my screen right now? I have a…
Davicho Barona: Yeah, we see it up.
Artur Monteiro: Cool. So, first of all, let me just zoom in here. We currently have two products, you know?
Artur Monteiro: And this has making some sort of confusion with the people. I'm just using the memes here to break the ice, because it's happening a lot. I've got… we're having tons of messages. Wait, what's Luma Agents? What's Dream Machine? So…
Artur Monteiro: Let's make a quick separation right now. We used to have Dream Machine in this link right here, and you guys would create on this platform, and now we have this new
Artur Monteiro: Better one that has tons of models, tons of options.
Artur Monteiro: So it's interesting, you guys, to… to go try Luma Agents if you didn't have yet. And just… let's make some difference. This is the 3-machine screen, and this is the Luma Agents screen. And actually, I'm using
Artur Monteiro: Luma agents right now. So, if you guys are seeing this screen, you're still using Dream Machine, and we…
Artur Monteiro: we are making people and inviting people to try Luma Agents, and that's what will be this webinar from the video today, Luma Agents, you know? And also, the uni model that we've been announcing in our social medias is inside Luma Agents, so…
Artur Monteiro: Yeah, I think you guys should just jump to Luma Agents to see all the new stuff we have.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, and good point about the,
Davicho Barona: about Uni 1 not being available in…
Davicho Barona: Dream Machine Classic, and really only available In, in agents.
Davicho Barona: Thanks, man. Okay, so… real quick, I wanna go share…
Davicho Barona: let me share some of my results recently, and I haven't really even been able to take that much time to test different things out, but from what I've tested, it is fire. And I've been doing tests that are, like, comparing it to Nano Banana Pro, which is the… honestly, the closest thing
Davicho Barona: that gets to Uni1, minus the sort of intelligence aspect to it, like, which is the agent kind of being built in to the process. But let me show you in this case, I'll start… I'll start with this situation here. I created,
Davicho Barona: Actually, this is… this is a huge tip, which I also discovered yesterday. I asked the agent.
Davicho Barona: Hey, what's the best way to ask you to create a prompt framework or ready-use prompt chain of prompts for a repeatable workflow that executes any outcome-first creative task description that I give it? And it gave me this, like, super basic formula, but I…
Davicho Barona: I did not realize how powerful this is until I tried it, which is this. I'm just gonna drop this in the chat.
Davicho Barona: Because I swear to you, I am now, like, a new person.
Davicho Barona: So, if you go into the agent, and just type this, and obviously fill in the blanks here.
Davicho Barona: And I'll show you what it means to kind of fill in the blanks. What I did first was, I put the same thing in here. I said, build me a reusable workflow for outcome that I can trigger by giving you input. So this was my first one here. I said, build me a reusable workflow for
Davicho Barona: 4, and then the outcome, creating professional and genuinely real sports memorabilia, collectible card design, like a baseball card, a basketball card, hockey card, and any other sports, even if they're made up and obscure, which I wanted that little extra.
Davicho Barona: And then I said that I can trigger by giving you a photo of a person or an image of a character, okay?
Davicho Barona: badass. It came back to me with this
Davicho Barona: Wow, my screen is so small, I'm, like, moving around all this crap.
Davicho Barona: Which gave me back this…
Davicho Barona: Entire prompt, okay? And this is, like, a whole framework. So it gave me this entire document, long, actually, like, tons of tokens in here, but it gives me… I won't even bore you, you just… just try it, with your own… with your own stuff here. And so it gave me this entire thing, which…
Davicho Barona: I don't have to do anything with except use this as an asset. So what I did is I literally… and then I brought a selfie of my… of me here, and I just literally selected the prompt, now it's an asset on my board, and then I shift-click selected my… my selfie, and then I said, let me go to…
Davicho Barona: I said…
Davicho Barona: run this prompt using this person, right? So I'm, like, running this prompt that is loaded up as an asset.
Davicho Barona: using this person, and I gave it a name, his name is Davado, not my name, and I said, I want to see all 8 presets, because there's presets inside of this prompt, if you read through it, like, what a preset could be, it's like a different, like a Tops card, or a baseball card, or whatever.
Davicho Barona: And you'll see them built in this prompt, I'll show you in a second. I said, I want to see all presets, all 8 presets with Uni1, and all E8 presets with Nano Banana Pro, so I can compare. And I said, each generation should be a different sport.
Davicho Barona: Dude, look at these results, okay? Fiery, fiery results. Here's with, with, Uni 1, let me minimize this. Here's with Uni 1. Oh, so that's the one where I didn't give it the name. The one where I gave it the name is here. So here's results with Uni 1. So I'm getting, like, a classic baseball card here.
Davicho Barona: A really cool, like, rare foiled…
Davicho Barona: Miami Herons, obviously a made-up team, but that's okay, because we don't want to invade, you know, IP anyway. And then I get a hockey card, a fighter card, like, a rugby card, but these look legit. I don't know if you guys ever collected, sports cars. I did, and these look amazing. And then, actually, the Nano Banana Pro also look pretty darn good, but there is something about the Uni ones that look
Davicho Barona: a little bit more real. And I'll go… I'll show you, another set of these, with, like, magic cards. I used to also love…
Davicho Barona: magic cards, and I went in, and I did the same thing with Uni One. Same kind of prompt, I just switched it up for a collectible, like, trading card game, as opposed to the sports cards. And then I get, like… and I also added in, like, some humor. I basically said, like, make them, like.
Davicho Barona: sarcastic, or, like, kind of dark humor, like, almost like, I gave it a description of how I wanted them to be, and it comes up with, like, Uni 1, it look… they look like…
Davicho Barona: photos of the cards. Like, they have these, like, the little, like, wear and tear of the, of, like, the damaged sides and stuff,
Davicho Barona: Some of them are hilarious. Gary, middle manager of The Void, and, like, everything…
Davicho Barona: you just have to… you gotta try this yourselves with UniOne, and then try it with Nano Banana to compare. Like, and the Nano Banana are fine, but they're… they're a little bit,
Davicho Barona: more artificial feeling. Like, they feel, okay, this one actually has, like, this crease in the center, which is great, but, like, this actual image here compared
Davicho Barona: to the ones that I made with Uni One, which just looks so much more genuine, honestly. And then I'll show you another one. Let me… Arturo, are you in the chats?
Artur Monteiro: Yes, I am.
Davicho Barona: People are just…
Artur Monteiro: Praising, praising the only one.
Davicho Barona: I'm telling you, it is so awesome. I did the same thing with Pokemon cards here. Hilarious, dude. I can't… injecting the humor into it is also, like, another level. You can inject so much into it, and look how large this prompt that it'll take. Like, the context window here is sick, because
Davicho Barona: This is the prompt that I leaned on.
Davicho Barona: In order to make these, in this case, these magic cards.
Davicho Barona: And look at these Garbage Pale Kids cards. Don't steal my idea.
Davicho Barona: But these… I love Garbage Pail Kids when I was younger, so I did the same exact thing, okay? That prompt that I just shared with you guys is so amazing. Like, that repeatable workflow prompt, copy that in the chat, like, immediately.
Davicho Barona: And what I did is I also gathered a bunch of real references, right? Like, to begin with, I went on, like, Pinterest and just snagged a bunch of real references for Garbage Pail Kids, so that then I could actually click
Davicho Barona: this whole frame, and use that as something that I would talk to the agent about. Like, here's some real-world references that I want you to look at, pretty much. However, at the end of the day, I did the same kind of thing with that repeatable prompt that I just told you about, the workable, and it gave me this whole prompt framework, and then I did the same thing, and I just, using my own selfie.
Davicho Barona: I went in here, and I started… these are so irreverent, but that's how Garbage Pail Kids were. And so I started making them, with Nano… with Nano Banana Pro, and with, with Uni One. But, like, the Uni One ones are so… and look, I'm telling you, everything is here. The peel here, the outline…
Davicho Barona: the little random number, obviously the name, and how the name relates to the, to the actual subject that I'm asking for, and it… because it's usually about the name. This… the name of this one was Holden. Holden It In, I mean, come on.
Davicho Barona: And then, like, and honestly, then you go to the Nano Banana Pro, and they look fine. I don't mean to say that, they don't. I actually like these results, too. But…
Davicho Barona: There's something about the way that these look so genuine. Like…
Davicho Barona: real. Like, they look real, and that tagline that we gave Uniwon of, like, less artificial, more intelligent.
Davicho Barona: I keep getting these really less artificial results and more intelligent results. I see a hand up somewhere. Eric, maybe? Go ahead, man.
Davicho Barona: Let me see, allowed to talk. I'm sorry, guys, I forget to do this. Allow to talk. Let me make sure everybody's allowed to talk. There you go, Eric, I think you're now…
Eric David: That was a mistake, but thank you, this looks amazing.
Davicho Barona: Oh, no worries, man.
Davicho Barona: But I'll stop for a second. Does anyone have any questions?
Davicho Barona: Thus far.
Davicho Barona: No stupid questions, legit. I don't care what you ask. I'm learning this too.
Davicho Barona: I mean, these results are sick. I can't… I can't even… some of them, you know, obviously I got, like, an extra hand here, I probably fixed that. But for the most part, like, they're really good. Yeah, Artur.
Xander Simms: I've… I've got…
Artur Monteiro: Yeah, go ahead.
Artur Monteiro: I just want to add that if you are new to this platform, and you don't know what Uni One is, it's our newest image model. Go try it, it's amazing, like the examples you're seeing right now, go try it. Go on, Cassandra.
Xander Simms: Oh, I was gonna say, the one thing I noticed…
Xander Simms: Is your organization on your board is really good.
Xander Simms: As far as, like, cleaning it up, and if you could let us know how you kind of achieved that.
Davicho Barona: Oh, yeah, this… let me go… let me show you how, like, obsessive I am over this, okay? So, I will organize my boards in a way that, to me, feel like an actual tutorial. So, let me look at, like… I have, like, a multi-flow board here.
Davicho Barona: where I just showcase a bunch of different workflows, and each one, like, I will organize obsessively, where, like, you know, you can kind of follow things through. I have my prompts in here, I have, like, the assets in here.
Davicho Barona: this is all… and then, you know, I do the same thing with, you know, all kinds of different flows here, as you can see. I'm also happy to share these boards with you guys, by the way. Just shoot me an email. I'll drop the email here in the chat in a second. But, like, the way that I do this is, like, I actually tend to, like, whenever you generate something.
Davicho Barona: It comes out in this, like, one initial
Davicho Barona: frame, which I actually delete all the time, which is why I can't even show you the example of it right now, because I always delete the initial frame, but
Davicho Barona: What is really helpful for me is, first of all, grouping assets in a frame. So, like, if I had these… let's say I had these assets on their own here, right? They're, like, loose images. One thing I will do, and, like, sometimes you'll, you know, you'll start kind of
Davicho Barona: you know, things will be, like, all over the place. I will just grab all of these.
Davicho Barona: And I will just hit this, either this button right here that pops up above in the little menu that's triggered by the selection itself, or I just hit the letter F, and now I get this frame around them. Now they're grouped.
Davicho Barona: But now I have this auto layout button here that I can click, and it brings them in really nicely. And it, like, will actually organize them, just by that single click into your frame. In this frame…
Davicho Barona: also good to know is I can rename this. If I click that frame, or actually, in fact, I can rename any file. If I click on a file, I can go in here and say, like, ducky Shorts from the back, or something like this. Now.
Davicho Barona: My agent now has context. If I say.
Davicho Barona: use the ducky Shorts from the back image, it'll know exactly what I'm talking about. Same thing goes for this frame. This frame could be called Ducky Shorts Multi-view, or something like this. Now I can talk to the agent about, you know, the Ducky
Davicho Barona: shorts, multi, view, frame contents, or something like this, right? At the same time, I can also just select it. If I select it, it'll bring it into my agent, but sometimes my board gets big, and I'll make sure to, like, name all my assets as I go, it just gives me a…
Davicho Barona: peace of mind, knowing that I have, like, a further thing to lean on.
Davicho Barona: As far as organization goes. And then, whoops. And then, as far as, more elements to organize.
Davicho Barona: Down here, on the left side of your toolbar, are your, like, generation.
Davicho Barona: buttons, right? This is where you go to generate stuff. You can generate images, choose the model, generate video, choose the model, generate audio, choose the model, and if you do this down here, this is gonna give you, like, the feel of, like, a traditional UI. It pops up this UI, you can put your prompt, you can do references, start frame, etc, all the different things that you can do here.
Davicho Barona: This is one way to create, is through the toolbar down here. You can do the same thing just through the agent, just telling it, you know, create X with model X,
Davicho Barona: and then you can give it even more context, which is why I actually end up using the agent more than this traditional, UI down here. But I digress, that's kind of separate. On the right side of this.
Davicho Barona: are the canvas tools. So here, I can manually create frames that then I can drop things into.
Davicho Barona: Or I can also, and you know, now it's kind of inside of that frame, like I showed you before, by hitting F, right? It's either F or the frame.
Davicho Barona: button there, or I can also go into shapes, which gives me the ability to, doodle, rectangle, arrow, you know, all these different shapes and different little helpful things that I can use here, you know, like those arrows, for example, that you see up here that I'm kind of, like, using to connect stuff. You can also go and, you know, you can see this, like, white rectangle that I have around
Davicho Barona: around.
Davicho Barona: this whole flow, just to organize it more and sort of encapsulate it. That was just with either the shortcut R, or…
Davicho Barona: This rectangle tool here? Yeah, Xander's. Xander.
Davicho Barona: Or Eric, sorry.
Eric David: Yeah, just a quick question, so…
Eric David: The way you get the prompts written out, showing on the board is because you did it with the toolbar down below, not through the agent.
Davicho Barona: Exactly. So, there's kind of a nuance here. So this, I'm also obviously making this as a tutorial, so that you guys can see this, and you can see the prompts, right? And so I'm going in here, I'm copying the prompt that I gave the agent, like, I'll go back through my chat, I'll find the prompt that I gave the agent, I'll copy it, and I'll go in here, and I'll just, like, paste it inside of my… of a text box, right?
Davicho Barona: And then in here, I can go in here, and I can make it change to look like code, and maybe change it to green, that's usually what I do, and then I'll make a frame around it, and that's how I made this, right? And then I'll do another little text box above it. And, like, that's how, kind of, I organize it, in a sense.
Davicho Barona: But the interesting thing now is that this…
Davicho Barona: because I wrote it and I put it on my board, this now becomes an asset that I can reference here. So, like, for example, what I was showing you before with that big prompt that was generated by the agent, I can literally just
Davicho Barona: click on it, click on an asset, now I have a prompt selected, and I have an asset selected, and I can literally just say run.
Davicho Barona: Right? Or run this prompt, on the selected…
Davicho Barona: image, or something like this. It's another way to kind of organize your board with prompts, and in a way that makes a little… to me, it makes a little bit more sense than always, you know, like, doing this, for example. Like, I could go in here and just copy it all.
Davicho Barona: And then, you know, select my guy.
Davicho Barona: and then, like, paste the prompt in here, that's fine too, that works just as well. Or just writing the prompt without copying it from anywhere, you know, just writing it in here. That works just as well. But I tend to organize my boards in a way that they're, like, repeatable, and they feel like a hands-on tutorial. That's me because I'm trying to show you guys and other groups of people how to kind of use the tool and the board, and so I want to illustrate it this way.
Davicho Barona: But I've realized that even just for me.
Davicho Barona: Doing it this way makes it more repeatable. It makes it so that I can just select something as an asset, and just, like, run.
Davicho Barona: You know, to me, it just makes it a little bit more repeatable, if you will, yeah? Does that make sense?
Eric David: Yes, absolutely. Just one other question. So, sometimes I'll have, an image…
Eric David: I need it to be edited, or, you know, change the eye to blue, or whatever it is. And sometimes the new generation appears somewhere totally different on the board. And, you know…
Davicho Barona: I hate that. And I can't…
Eric David: find it. Yes.
Davicho Barona: Here's a tip to find it, okay? Like, and I… we're working on better organization of where it drops things on a board.
Davicho Barona: But just so you're aware, down here, you have your chat shortcut down here, but next to this, you have, and you can access this by Command-F also, you have a search
Davicho Barona: bar here, and you can see all of your assets here. You can also filter through your assets here. And this is also important, too, this label system. Whenever I'm on any asset, I click on it, and this little menu pops up here. I can annotate that asset, but I can also label it. I can label it all these different kinds of labels here, which, it may be limited. However, if I label this approved.
Davicho Barona: or whatever label it is, I can come in here and then just filter by approved.
Davicho Barona: You know, and so I can…
Davicho Barona: start organizing things and just look at it through my search function instead, of trying to, like, go around and find it here on my board sometimes. And so when you drop something new, you'll see it as the first thing.
Davicho Barona: in your search. And you can click on it, and it'll take you to where that is on the board. I don't know if you can see it just kind of moving around. Wherever that is on the board, this will take you to that asset.
Davicho Barona: So this search function is super useful. And then you can also, remember I told you before, label your assets? You can search the assets here. If I put unnamed.
Davicho Barona: I'm sure I'm gonna get a bunch of
Davicho Barona: I guess I'm very good at naming stuff.
Davicho Barona: Anyway, I… you know, you can search for different things, in here as well, and then you can just switch back to your agent view. I will also say that down here on the bottom left.
Davicho Barona: you can click on this little zoom, percentage down here, and it'll also bring up this little modal here, which you can also use to kind of find your way around the board. Like, zoom to Fit will also bring me all the way out here.
Davicho Barona: I can also, like, you know, if I select on this guy, and I can just click here, and I just go zoom to selection, it'll go directly to it. And then after I see one more thing I will say, is, like, well, this mini-map is also helpful when your board is massive, but another thing I will say is, like.
Davicho Barona: the shortcuts?
Davicho Barona: are also really, really important. This just reminded me, this, you know, Command-F to access the search function, but up here on the right, you'll see this little, gear. That goes into a different settings menu, and there is a keyboard shortcuts,
Davicho Barona: button there, or menu item there, that lets you see all the different shortcuts of the tool, whether it's, like.
Davicho Barona: Tools, tool shortcuts, inspector shortcuts, the inspector is the agent window.
Davicho Barona: edit shortcuts, selection shortcuts, view shortcuts, action shortcuts, you know, to align different things, for example, align left, align top, bring to front, you know, obviously delete stuff, and what I tend to do is actually go in here, and I take a screenshot of this, like, whatever's more useful to me, and then I just drop the screenshot
Davicho Barona: into the board itself. So then now I will actually just have it here. I don't have to go in and access it here, and then, like, lose usability here. I can just, you know, move over to where this is.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, go ahead, Atur.
Artur Monteiro: I would just like to address some stuff that you've been mentioning, and people are asking in the chat. Regarding to what Eric just asked, to where the new frame, the new image will be generated in my board.
Artur Monteiro: We're just trying to align this, but now the platform is
Artur Monteiro: kind of putting together to your last generation. This is not ideal, we're trying to change that so you can choose it better, but now it will always be near your last generation.
Artur Monteiro: this is something we're still working on. For example, I have some… some reports that the new generation is always on the center of the frame.
Artur Monteiro: So this is still a work in progress, and these are the two,
Artur Monteiro: two tips that I would give regarding the position of the new generated assets. And my second, second thing that I would like to highlight is that, guys, the Vitu is super organized.
Artur Monteiro: So, he likes to organize his boards with arrows, so it's easier for you guys to understand, but it's not required to use the arrows. This is not a node system base. Actually, Lou, my agents try to stay away the node system base. That's what our CEO was saying, because we think that in a huge
Artur Monteiro: board, it starts to feel like a spaghetti. It doesn't necessarily need to have an arrow, so 2D assets interact by itself. You can just select them, and the agent understands this. These arrows and these prompts that the vitras are putting right here is just to make it easier to understand what he did.
Artur Monteiro: For example, the pro doesn't need to be on the board.
Artur Monteiro: It can be directly typed on the agent chat, but their feature is so organized, and he does all the serum system stuff, and the prompt, and all this kind of stuff, is not required to operate on Luma Agents. Is that clear?
Davicho Barona: Yep.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, yeah, that's a good point.
Eric David: Just one other thing, if I could just add. So, I had asked the agent about, you know, I can't find it, and it says zoom out and look, and I said, I've done that, I can't find it, so…
Eric David: It also said, if you find the space on your board that you want it to be generated, find that empty space on your board and click your mouse right on that spot, and it will regenerate it where you have that empty space.
Davicho Barona: I'm so glad that you… that you found that to work, because I felt that that was the case a while back, is like, if I navigated to a blank space and just kind of clicked here, it would drop it, like, kind of where I am in the space. A lot of times, also, you'll know that it'll…
Davicho Barona: If you've already been generating something, and you have this, like, generation frame, which, looks like…
Davicho Barona: I think maybe in here, there's one of those generation frames. Yeah, it looks like this. You see this outline frame right here? Like, this is the frame that we were creating just before. This outline frame, this is the frame that the agent drops when it's generating something. This is the one I usually delete. Like, I literally usually move stuff out of here. Wow, there's a lot of stuff behind there.
Davicho Barona: And I will usually just, like, delete this frame.
Davicho Barona: But if you don't delete it, and you're still there, you'll see that the agent will start dropping stuff into that same frame you were just in. So when you're creating stuff, it'll kind of drop it into the last
Davicho Barona: Area that you've been generating stuff within this, like, generation frame.
Davicho Barona: But I usually get, like, I just, I usually get rid of that frame, like, immediately.
Davicho Barona: I also want… oh, I want to point you guys to our new learning center, that…
Davicho Barona: Computer. Okay, that is… Here… If you're in the homepage.
Davicho Barona: you'll find it at the bottom here, this new Learning Center shortcut down here. And I'll drop a couple…
Davicho Barona: links here. It's lumilabs.ai slash learning center. Thank you, Artur. And in here, you're gonna find, A, a bunch of new articles here about how to use Luma Agents, what the agent itself, how to talk to it, best practices, you'll find stuff about Uni One, you'll find stuff… all kinds of different, really useful articles
Davicho Barona: I slaved away making these, so please enjoy them, and there's a lot of tested ground truth stuff about all kinds of stuff. If you open up, either, you know, explore more, you'll see there's at least, like, 25 in here now, that are really useful. They all have their own purpose about, you know, for example, lip sync, or about the toolbar itself.
Davicho Barona: about all the different image models that are available, the video capabilities, outcome-first workflows, team collaboration, how to research with Luma, about text and natural language, how to turn your files into creative assets, you know, welcomes, how to use master ref… I mean, there's all kinds of stuff in here that's really, really helpful. And then, also, if you go down.
Davicho Barona: From there, so you get, you know, this is the Learning Center homepage. If you keep scrolling down past that, you're gonna see this section with demo boards here, and these are the boards that you can open these up and see little workflows inside of them.
Davicho Barona: This one, for example, is like illustration to photorealism.
Davicho Barona: or product photo to a full campaign, or creating slide decks on any topic in any style, character consistency, changing the camera model, turning anything into an emoji. Like, there's fun ones, there's useful ones, there's all kinds of different ones in here. Age transformation, modifying lighting effect, replacing a background, facial expression control, changing the art style, photo aesthetic, and this will continue to grow.
Davicho Barona: This learning center is going to be awesome. Like, I am making it a mission that this is going to be the most useful learning center out there. And when you click on these boards, it's going to take you directly into a board that is set up like a little tutorial. I'll even drop a little legend in there, we'll have a starting point.
Davicho Barona: little, instructions. I have, like, a master prompt in here that, again, you can use as an asset, and I guide you through how to use it, right? So you're going from, like, A…
Davicho Barona: to B, and then I'll go a little further and give you a little hint of something else you can do, you know, changing haircuts, for example. And then down here, I'll give you a little playground where you can either try yourself with this image that I'm dropping in here, or you can bring your own image, etc. And then, you know, in some of these, I'll show you some examples as well of how it can go from one to another, and, you know, changing the age and this
Davicho Barona: case, of all kinds of different, characters, too. It's not just humans, all kinds of different stuff.
Davicho Barona: And in this one, since it's a little bit more involved, I add, like, these prompt variables.
Davicho Barona: And all of the… all of this is inside of these little instructions. And you can go in here, you can duplicate this board once you open it, just go to, you know, top left, duplicate the board, that way you now are able to manipulate these assets.
Davicho Barona: And you can do that with any one of those boards that I showed you on the,
Davicho Barona: on the… in the Learning Center here. Go in there, duplicate it, run it on your own, expand on it, use the prompt framework, like, tell it to create a different prompt framework using the… I mean, it's endless. Like, if you have the experience of using ChatGBT or Cloud or Gemini, any LLM that's smart.
Davicho Barona: All of that and beyond is built under here. So, like, lean on all your experience there, think outside the box.
Davicho Barona: create repeatable workflows in all kinds of different subjects and formats. You don't need nodes, you don't need dependencies, wiring, any of that. You have
Davicho Barona: an agent that is orchestrating all of that, just talk to it like you would talk to a person. You don't have to tell it how to do something, focus on telling it what to do. That's one of the best pieces of advice that I can give you. And then you'll also have, in that Leonarding Center,
Davicho Barona: more links to register to more of these workshops. You guys are totally welcome to come back and back again. You also have some FAQs down at the bottom as well, super useful. And then stay tuned, because
Davicho Barona: but we'll keep adding more and more content here. We'll add videos, we'll add all kinds of inspirational content, etc. So this learning center is going to continue to evolve, and it will be a super helpful resource. It will not just be kind of generic stuff, it really will be stuff that we're making and testing all the time.
Davicho Barona: Any… do you guys have any other questions before I…
Eric David: I just have… sorry, I just have one other, question.
Davicho Barona: You're good.
Eric David: So, I was getting a lot of…
Eric David: errors and mistakes with, some of the generations I was making, and I thought my prompts were clear, and it would show me things, and it would be wrong, and instead of me telling whether it was wrong, I say, you look at it, and you tell me what's wrong, and it does that.
Eric David: But… You know, is there any way that something could be… Adjusted, so…
Eric David: You're not paying for so many…
Eric David: Credits that are kind of not your fault.
Davicho Barona: You're not paying for those. If… if the… if the agent…
Davicho Barona: Judge is something to be rejected.
Davicho Barona: you're not paying for those. My best bit of advice to tell you on how to avoid those things is, like.
Davicho Barona: You need to treat this agent as if you just hired a teammate or a production artist.
Davicho Barona: and they're in the next office, and you need to bring them the assets that they need. You need to set them up for success. If you don't give them enough context, if you don't give them detailed instructions, and if they don't have all the assets that they need to create something.
Davicho Barona: you're gonna get something back, the same way you would get something back from a real teammate that you didn't give enough context to. Good in, good out. And a great practice is also saying, before you generate this.
Davicho Barona: Ask me, Questions that you need answered in order to complete this task fully.
Davicho Barona: check me, basically, that I'm giving you enough. Most of the time, it'll tell you, thank you, here are the questions I need answered before I start. So.
Davicho Barona: Agent chats are much cheaper than generations. You can either go… you can even go into brainstorm mode, like down here, you can go into brainstorm mode, and just talk to the agent, and have this, like, strategizing planning session with the agent.
Davicho Barona: As opposed to… and then go into create mode, you know? So that you're not spending all the credits up front.
Davicho Barona: And… I used to do what you just said, of, like, you tell me what's wrong.
Davicho Barona: But in a sense, it's like, well, I know what's wrong. Let me tell you what is wrong, what's missing from this, from this output. And you know what? I want you to do this again, and do it this way, this time. Add this, remove that, don't, you know, stay away from doing this or that.
Davicho Barona: Put yourself in a director's shoes, And…
Davicho Barona: a director who just hired a really, really highly skilled and fast worker, whether it's, you know, a production team or a production artist, however you want to look at it, a DP, however you want to look at it, the more you treat it like a real person.
Davicho Barona: the better outcome you get. And so, what would you do if it was a real person? You know? You set them up for… you give them a brief.
Davicho Barona: You give them the real instructions, you give them assets. You set them up for success. If you do that, if you think that way, it is… it works wonders. If you start just, you know.
Davicho Barona: giving very, very minimal instruction and expecting it to understand your intent all the time without you actually giving it your intent, it doesn't… you're gonna get more fails than anything.
Davicho Barona: So, think of it as, like, you're bringing all the stuff you need to give directions to someone in the other office, and that's what you're bringing to the agent here, and this is your… this is his office here, this is his board.
Davicho Barona: So, that is a big piece of advice.
Davicho Barona: Ash, or I don't know who was… who raised their hand first, I'm sorry, I'm just seeing it here.
Davicho Barona: Go ahead.
Alton Glass: Who next?
Davicho Barona: Yeah, yeah, go ahead, Elton.
Alton Glass: Okay.
Davicho Barona: Whoever it is, I don't know. Yeah, go ahead.
Alton Glass: When I was on one of your sessions, I think a couple of weeks ago, you were showing your 3D,
Alton Glass: rendering to AI, and I was, and I sent you a couple of emails. I just wanted to find out, can you send that, or is that going to be in the learning portal? The… you mentioned you would send out that workspace?
Davicho Barona: Oh, yeah, the one that I actually never… here, I'm gonna send… I'll drop it in here. I haven't put it up there yet, because I'm not, like, finished with it, in a sense, but it's this multi-flow board here, which just has a bunch of stuff, but, like.
Davicho Barona: you'll see there's some placeholder stuff, I just haven't gone in there and grabbed the prompt yet, but I think what you're talking about is, like, this kind of, like, 3D render to reskinning it.
Alton Glass: Yeah, that.
Davicho Barona: finding it to then… yeah, okay, let me… let me… I'm gonna share this link in here.
Davicho Barona: That you guys can,
Davicho Barona: can view. But again, like, it's not finished, so don't judge me.
Alton Glass: max clip, like, if I'm doing my renders out of Unreal, what's the max clip I can transfer over video to video?
Davicho Barona: As far as size goes, like, weight?
Alton Glass: length and size.
Davicho Barona: So…
Davicho Barona: If you're modifying video to video, the max length is 18 seconds. If you're talking about weight, like how heavy of a file, this is…
Davicho Barona: 100 megs, which is not very big, I know. But 100 megs is the current limit right now of, like, a video you can bring in. It also depends which model you're using. So, like, that 18-second video, going from, like, if you're in a video-to-video workflow, like, modify video, let's say.
Davicho Barona: You know, here's a video.
Davicho Barona: let's say I right-click and go to Modify Video, and let's say I use Ray 314 or whatever for this, like, this is going to be…
Davicho Barona: 18 seconds, but if I go into Modify Video with, like, Veo or Cling, rather, that might be slightly different. Like, if I go to Cling, I don't know if that's gonna be the same length or not. So each model has a different thing.
Davicho Barona: If you need more information about that, like, for example, since I don't know that answer, literally, just, like, open up a new chat here.
Davicho Barona: Just ask the agent, like, what's… you know what I'm saying? Like, what's the… Video, length.
Davicho Barona: limit for whatever it is that you're trying to achieve. The agent has a lot of great information. In fact, has more information than anyone, truly, because it's trained on all these models, how they work,
Davicho Barona: best practices, And this brings me to the other point, is like… Dude…
Davicho Barona: Ask things like, show me a step by… Step… guide for beginners.
Davicho Barona: breaking down the process of whatever it is that you want. And it'll drop a text document on your board, and it will have so much great information on there, and then you can literally use that as an asset. Be like, okay.
Davicho Barona: Like, run this. Run this on these assets, or, like, optimize this for a repeatable workflow, and then run it on some assets.
Davicho Barona: It's really powerful asking the agent to give you resources.
Davicho Barona: Yeah.
Alton Glass: And if I'm in Unreal, and I'm… and do you recommend I color code my characters, like red, blue, green, different colors, when I'm transferring them over to, so the AI knows which one's in the… in the reference to assign?
Alton Glass: the look to each character, too, or what's the best way?
Davicho Barona: You can, but honestly, like, I go in here, and I just, like, first of all, like I showed you before, like, I may name it. I may name it something, but at the end of the day.
Davicho Barona: If you have them on your board, you just click on them.
Davicho Barona: And the… the… actually, the selection order that you click on, like, I'm shift-clicking these in a particular order, this is gonna be image 1, image 2, image 3, image 4, so if I'm gonna say, like, make a new,
Davicho Barona: like, character pose or something, based on image 1, I'm talking about this one.
Davicho Barona: You know, and then I can reference image 2, or I can obviously delete all of these and just say, based on, like, this image, or this character. If you click on it.
Davicho Barona: you're automatically selecting, or telling the agent to look at that one that you're clicking on, right? So, whether you color code them or not, that may be more for you.
Davicho Barona: For the agent itself, it's really just about selecting them.
Alton Glass: Oh, I meant in my Unreal… I meant in my Unreal Engine scene that I'm exporting to bring in here. If I got, like, 4 characters of a dialogue that are talking in my Unreal scene?
Davicho Barona: Yeah.
Alton Glass: I bring it in here, and in my AI image reference, I have my four characters.
Alton Glass: What's the best way for it to know
Alton Glass: How to assign that look back on.
Davicho Barona: I would probably describe the character itself.
Alton Glass: Okay.
Davicho Barona: I'd probably just say… and describe where it is on the frame, potentially. You could also ask the agent to analyze the image, or the video, and break it down into different characters, and assign names to each character that then it can, like, recognize later.
Davicho Barona: Something like that. And if you're working video-to-video, you're probably gonna want to…
Davicho Barona: modify the start frame and or the end frame in order to then kind of have this new visual, right? In the same way that I kind of did it here, where, like.
Davicho Barona: you know, I'm modifying the start frame to look like this, and I'm using that start frame as now the driving visual. So, it goes through the same video, right, but with that modified start frame.
Davicho Barona: If that makes sense.
Alton Glass: Okay, and it'll preserve my blocking, like, of the characters and the camera movement.
Davicho Barona: Yep, as long as you… just make sure you give those instructions. Video-to-video is probably the hardest workflow you can achieve with any AI tool.
Davicho Barona: But…
Davicho Barona: don't be afraid to also ask the agent, like, hey, I'm having problems doing this, or before you even start, what is the best approach to a video-to-video transformation using this video? I want it to look like this. Use the… lean on the agent to strategize. Before you start making stuff, lean on it to strategize, and it'll give you the breakdown, and then by the end of it, you can say, wow, this, like, makes total sense.
Davicho Barona: turn this into a… into a text document that is… that I can, use as a… as a prompt asset on my board, so then I can… you know what I mean? Like, think that way, where you're like, you're strategizing, strategizing, and it's like, alright, summarize this into, like, a repeatable workflow that I can just basically aim at any asset I drop on the board.
Alton Glass: Okay.
Davicho Barona: But it starts with that guide.
Alton Glass: I duplicated this space. If we touch the… if we touch that space, it'll modify your space.
Davicho Barona: If you duplicated it, it's yours now. You can modify, you can grab assets, you can do whatever you want on it. It's a board that belongs to you now. This one you can't actually mess up, because this is view only. If you were able to make stuff on here, you'd be spending my credits, so this is set so that you can't.
Davicho Barona: You can't actually, you can't actually do that.
Alton Glass: Okay, thank you very much.
Davicho Barona: You bet, man.
Davicho Barona: Who else, who else has their hand up here?
Artur Monteiro: Let me add some information. Guys, the last two days, due to the only one launch, we had some old ages, but today the team has the service all normalized.
Artur Monteiro: And you can always check the status of our service, and this link I'm gonna drop here in the chat, that's called status.lumalabs.ai. So you can see if this is only for you, this is general, it usually helps to understand what's going on.
Davicho Barona: Oh, I didn't know… I didn't even know that. That's a cool link.
Davicho Barona: Elle, what's going on? And then, and then when?
Elle Cardenas: Hey, first of all, thank you so much, because, like, the learning library you have is amazing, and I just want to spend all day playing, honestly. I just have a really quick question. I'm wondering, if you ask the agent to generate images in Uni One, do you have to keep asking it afterwards to use that, or is it just gonna, by default, keep on?
Elle Cardenas: Pulling from that.
Davicho Barona: If you're in a single chat, so, like, remember, you can make new chats here, right? Yeah. If you're in a single chat here, you can literally say, like, only use Uni1 from now on.
Davicho Barona: Then, whatever you do in that chat, it's gonna listen to you, because it has contextual history of this chat. If you start another chat.
Davicho Barona: then you'll… you'll… it'll… it won't have that memory there. You'll have to do it again. But if you do it in a single chat, like, yeah, you can just tell it, like, hey, from now on, whatever I ask you to make as far as images go, only use Uni1 to…
Elle Cardenas: Perfect! Thank you.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, no doubt.
Davicho Barona: And then when? Stone kaiju, man.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: Hi, Davido, and thank you so much for all of this.
Davicho Barona: No problem.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: Just a quick note about,
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: the agent, the earlier, discussion, I think it was with Eric, the… just…
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: I've spent a lot of time with, like, agentic workflows and letting, you know…
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: Luma be, you know, exercise agency and creativity, so…
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: kind of what I found was the… like…
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: Luma and the user are both at the mercy of the video models. Luma does not see the outputs.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: And even with the, like, the judging…
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: AIs that… the teams that kind of reject or accept images, it's still kind of all…
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: probability. It's not necessarily what you would agree with, so…
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: you know, number one, both you and Luma are at the mercy of the models, and another thing is with, consistent, or maintaining context, especially between boards. You know, I have a lot of discussions with,
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: with Luma, and…
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: you know, I don't want to lose context, so what I've started doing is actually asking Luma, hey, things that you want to remember, because it understands it's an instance, right? It won't remember what comes next, it understands its nature, so…
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: You know, please write me a note, to yourself.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: Right? And I will bring this to the other instance in another board, or… so it will have context, and we can continue this, kind of like this project, or this train of thought, or we can maintain these workflows, especially…
Davicho Barona: That's a really cool tip, actually. I love that, because from board to board, you don't have the context, and you don't have the assets either to even reference. Yeah, that's a fun way to do it, for sure. It's like asking for a summary that you can
Davicho Barona: Then take into another board to give the agent context again on something you were working on previously.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: Yes, it helps a lot.
Davicho Barona: The one thing I will say, though.
Davicho Barona: It's like, the judge, it has its issues, but, like, for example, here's a… here's a… a rejection that says, missing garbage Pail Kids Blue Dripping Header Text, and it definitely analyzed
Davicho Barona: That it didn't have… this…
Davicho Barona: this text according to what I wanted. Obviously, it also didn't catch the fact that this arrow is pointing the wrong way when I told it, you know, it needs to be pointing, down, and, like, it didn't catch that in multiple.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: Hmm.
Davicho Barona: This is here. But it will… it has a way to analyze, but it also has
Davicho Barona: sometimes problems in understanding what is actually wrong, and a lot of times it'll analyze things that are right, and it'll say that it's wrong.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: It is really… it does… I under… it does see in a way, right? I get that, and it is, super helpful. I cannot,
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: I really, really cannot express how amazing it is to have a discussion, and all of a sudden, every single asset, soundtrack, sound effects.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: generating in parallel, you know, and even the regenerations are really helpful, because it does reject a lot of things I wouldn't use, and I don't… it will start to regen, and I don't have to waste my time. I can immediately go to, oh, this is… these are the good ones, and just… just to double check, I will look at the rejected ones.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, double look at the rejected ones. I see problems with it too, but what's cool is that if anything's ever rejected and it generates something again, you're not getting charged credits. So sometimes.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: Oh, okay.
Davicho Barona: when it doesn't… when it rejects something that shouldn't get rejected and then gives me a freebie, I'm like, alright, that's cool.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: That's good to know.
Davicho Barona: Okay.
Wen (Stonekaiju) Chang: Thank you. I don't want to ramble, take up too much time, but super helpful. Thank you.
Davicho Barona: No problem. No problem at all.
Artur Monteiro: I'd like to add some information regarding these tags, because we have been seeing the rejection and the approval tags that you have. Can you show a tab here, David, on your screen? With further right click?
Artur Monteiro: Because this is the automatic, Q&A that the system does with the…
Artur Monteiro: with the outputs, so actually, yes, the system sees the outputs. But another useful way to use this text is that you have other
Artur Monteiro: other ways to tag this stuff, and it's useful when you're working with teams. So, for example, if you do right clip, you can do pending approval, you can do…
Artur Monteiro: Yeah, you can… so if anyone else in your team can jump in, they can just go straight to the approved ones, to the ones that need review. So this is really useful to work with teams, and that's another use case for the stacks.
Davicho Barona: Yep.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, that's a good point. And obviously, like, you can… like I said before, you can find things based on those labels, too. You know, if I just…
Davicho Barona: If I click that, it'll show me all the images that were… that have that label rejected on it.
Davicho Barona: And also, if you delete something, by the way, it goes into Archived. So, like, if you deleted something, apparently I haven't deleted anything here, but if you go into Archived, all the deleted files will be there, which is really nice.
Davicho Barona: Guys, I am… Totally out of time. Any final questions here?
Davicho Barona: Cool.
Davicho Barona: Okay, well, as always, it has been a pleasure.
Davicho Barona: Let me stop sharing here. It's always a pleasure, and yeah, please, like, no problem at all. I'm gonna write my email address here, and Artur, also drop yours in here.
Davicho Barona: if you need… if you want this recording, also, let me know, shoot me an email. If you want anything else from us, and if you… and please, I also love any kind of testimonials you can give us, like, because I'll put a section on the training… on the Learning Center, too, like, just send it via email, too, like, hey, this is, like, super useful, and I'll just add it with, like, your first name and just, like, your last name initial, like, I won't…
Davicho Barona: You know, I'm not gonna, like, blast you.
Davicho Barona: But any… also, like, little short testimonials, actually, would be super helpful, if you guys can just shoot me an email, and ask me for the recording, or for any boards that you want me to share.
Davicho Barona: keep checking on the Learning Center, a lot of cool stuff coming there, also. And then keep registering for as many of these as you want. We'll… this one in particular will go on until infinity, so Wednesdays is, like.
Davicho Barona: solid. But then we're gonna be upping our quantity of webinars to, and I hate the word webinars, of these virtual workshops, and we'll just continue to… you'll be able to register to one, and then come back to any of them that you want. So they'll be open to return. Bring your questions, like, bring your successes, bring your tips, I love all that.
Davicho Barona: so yeah, thank you guys very, very much. Again, really appreciate you, and I'll see you guys, see you guys soon.
Eric David: Thanks a lot.
Davicho Barona: Amazing. Thank you.
Eric David: Workshop. Appreciate it.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, you bet, anytime.
Davicho Barona: Cheers, guys.
Xander Simms: Yes.
Davicho Barona: See you, man.